1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?
It is home of U.S Governments open data. 

2. Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?
402,370 datasets are found. 


3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health category? There is 3,417 datasets within Human Health, there is county, federal and state. I think because legally there is a difference within these categories. 

4. Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you navigate to additional datasets from the USDA? There's links for you to download them. 

5. Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.


6. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned? Mainly NYPD, incident reports or vehicle collisions. 

7. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your
results? It affects my results by showing SNAP program which is food based but the rest are environmental. 


a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative to find what you’re looking for.


8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take some time to explore the Food Data Central website.

a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you get? What happens when you click on a result?
When you're searching butter I found about 28 datasets. 

b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find more information on the data types available? 27 datasets about "foundation foods" came up on search. Different types of databases on nutrient and Agriculture, also Foodborne illnesses. 